Added the google_trends example to community examples , edited the re… (#507)
fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk: README.md

- [github_traffic](https://github.com/fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk/tree/main/connectors/github_traffic) - This example shows how to sync GitHub repositories traffic data using Connector SDK via REST API. You need to provide your GitHub Personal access token and specify the repositories you want to track.
- [goshippo](https://github.com/fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk/tree/main/connectors/goshippo) - This example shows how to sync shipment data from the Goshippo API using Connector SDK. It demonstrates incremental sync, pagination, retry logic, and handling of related data (rates, parcels, and messages). You need to provide your Goshippo API token for this example to work.

> - [google_trends](https://github.com/fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk/tree/main/connectors/google_trends) - This example shows how to sync search interest data from Google Trends using Connector SDK. It implements full refresh syncing with exponential retry logic, supports multiple keywords, regions, and timeframes, and tracks historical changes in search trends over time using an append-only design.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [google_trends](https://github.com/fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk/tree/main/connectors/google_trends) - This example shows how to sync search interest data from Google Trends using the Connector SDK. It implements full-refresh syncing with exponential retry logic, supports multiple keywords, regions, and timeframes, and tracks historical changes in search trends using an append-only design.
```
